[SPARK-57354][SQL] Add ignoredPathSegmentRegex data source option and config (#56374)
apache/spark: docs/sql-data-sources-generic-options.md

</div>
</div>

> ### List Hidden Files

Reviewer: The sibling sections (Ignore Corrupt Files, Path Glob Filter, Recursive File Lookup) all carry runnable code-tab examples; consider adding one here for consistency.

Spark allows you to use the configuration `spark.sql.files.listHiddenFiles` or the data source option `listHiddenFiles` to include hidden files while reading data
from files. Its default value is `false`, which means files and directories whose names start with `_` or `.` are skipped during
file listing. When set to true, such hidden files and directories participate in file listing, partition discovery, and reads.
The data source option takes precedence over the configuration when both are set.

> Note that enabling this option also surfaces Spark-internal marker files, such as `_SUCCESS`, `._COPYING_`, and files under

Reviewer: `._COPYING_` files come from Hadoop FS shell copies (`hadoop fs -put`/`-cp`), not Spark:
```suggestion
Note that enabling this option also surfaces internal marker and temporary files, such as `_SUCCESS`, Hadoop's `._COPYING_` in-progress copy files, and files under
```

</div>
</div>

### Ignored Path Segment Regex

Spark allows you to use the configuration `spark.sql.files.ignoredPathSegmentRegex` or the data source option `ignoredPathSegmentRegex` to control which files are treated as
hidden during file listing. The value is a Java regular expression that is matched (with find semantics, i.e. `java.util.regex.Matcher.find`) against each individual
directory and file name below the path being read; names in which the regex finds a match are skipped from file listing, partition discovery, and reads, and a matching
directory name excludes its whole subtree. The default value is `^[._]`, which skips files and directories whose names start with `_` or `.`. The data source option
takes precedence over the configuration when both are set.

Regardless of the regex, three rules always apply: names starting with `_metadata` or `_common_metadata` (Parquet summary files) are always listed, names ending in
`._COPYING_` (in-flight copies) are always skipped, and `_`-prefixed names containing `=` (partition directories) are always kept.

> A regex that never matches, such as `(?!)`, disables the generic hidden-file filtering and surfaces hidden files, including Spark-internal marker files such as

Reviewer 2: An issue with empty pattern string ""?

Author: Explained https://github.com/apache/spark/pull/56374#discussion_r3438860093, but the empty pattern string `""` actually matches every string, meaning we would filter out everything. 

Currently special-casing it to match nothing (disabling filtering), but lmk if you don't think the edge case is necessary
